hi guys I'm just like the different cell
today as you can tell or if can probably
tell this is my bedroom and a newly
decorated so decided that i would start
filming in here more often or at all I
used to film in here on time to get Bob
well and so this video is going to be
about my new teeth whitening mission
I've got quite yellow teeth I'm always
had yellow teeth have never ever had
bright white teeth but some people and
don't matter how I clean them walking
weather always always always been yellow
so consumed having a wand before people
like are up in arms about having and
wine when you put I'm not having the
wine it and I noticing that I'm using is
completely safe I've checked it all out
and it is completely safe so whatever so
whoever is going to send something
custom or well i'm going to show you
what i've been using on what i'm going
to be using i'm going to take some
pictures for before and after and they
put my blog so i'm going to be kind of
checking them every couple of days or
have a couple of weeks whatever I decide
to do so check that out and i will link
below the first post what first of all
we've been using these clay and i have
been using and so i'm going to check his
progress as well and cog it right into
the face was it finds white the DeMeco
cleansing brush tools we've been using
this toothpaste I must admit I've never
ever ever seen that a tooth basic
American results for whitey in the past
what we use MIT nonetheless along with
this I saw this on I think it was it was
if it wasn't that it was something
really similar on oh my god is a
one of her name now she's becoming with
Emily and now she is like pink something
XOXO pink pink something something I
linkable over she did a video about how
to keep his he'd when she uses this and
I use this as well um hopefully it
wasn't her I'm sure it was it anyway so
do this obviously Wednesday underneath
this twice today as well with this are
never ever ever of light mouthwash and
it tastes awful
but basically I put it up to the cap so
half the clap where it's supposed to be
and I hold in my mouth but I put my
mouth down so it's kind of just over my
teeth and I hold it a month or a couple
minutes max round just around
my teeth so I don't put it all the way
back to my mouth cuz it and with a
little mouthwash America rings mouth
afterwards whereas this I want to keep
it as long as possible cause he'll face
whitening my teeth so to swish it around
where my teeth are keep it on for a
couple minutes and I think this has been
improving the color of my teeth already
but today in the post arrives to crest
whitestrips it anyone else surprised I
was little boxes because when I see
online i always think the box is going
to be massive but anyway I all of these
from Canada and a couple of weeks ago
about two boxes wonderfully and they are
the 3d white strips vivid because of
those I didn't want it can get and these
are the ones that there's ten treatment
so one day for 10 days so potentially in
10 days time I'm going to come back to
you like I've got really the White team
I can't wait to start using me always
wanted white teeth and since I've been
on YouTube it's all the lot of things
about yourself that you see every now
and then in photo you see all the time
every tiny little thing that annoys you
about what you look like and my crooked
teeth I can't learn about I've got quite
quickly teeth on the bottom but I found
that one people of God for a white teeth
doesn't really matter how straight me
off because it just looks better so I
really really want for wacky and this
seems to be my own little loads and
loads of people rave about these we
can't get them in the UK I don't know
why and I don't know if they're not like
approved or whatever but in the u.s.
they are so hey ho and these are what
are these these are the most gentle was
it is most of the gentlest ones whatever
and so when I tried those ones if they
make a difference then we're going to
try in a few months we're going to try
the really live advanced the more
expensive ones because I didn't know
what kind of state were to gets was in
because they can
selling powder and in get mid-states
wherever so now we're here in a sealed
box and I've got a cell about I'm happy
with that will also link below I am
going to try them and I'm going to come
back to in 10 days and tell you how i
got on sale will be put in the pics on
my blog so check this out and if you are
interested will link where i bought them
from below but you can run all over ebay
just some of them are a little bit don't
you might you might only get a couple
some say my tummy pouches it's all a
little bit kind of the word and if it's
all a bit dodgy i think and wearing
obviously we've got full pack so I've
got two full pots from this guy and I
think it costs it was about 40 pounds i
think i think these around thirty
dollars or something in America ish but
then these are the most general want
some of their bitchy I don't know
probably oh we obviously a complement of
a country girl whatever they cost me
about 40 pounds and they were actually
free delivery so I was pretty good very
that was almost telling this beer that
is what i will be using that's what i
have been using and helpful a in just
over a week's time i'll come back from
an hour before i buy teeth